feat/Truncate - Add the util (#544)
lumapps/design-system: CHANGELOG.md

-   Added `name` and `value` props to `Switch`, `CheckBox` and `RadioButton` components.
-   Added `name` prop to `Autocomplete`, `DatePicker`, `TextField`, `Button`, `IconButton` and `Slider` components.
-   Expose component default props in React `Component.defaultProps`

> -   Added `Text` component that allow a text to be truncate at the `end`, `start`, or `middle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Added `Text` component that allows a text to be truncated at the `end`, `start`, or `middle`.
```
